更新用法 (#1715)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/editor/preferences/index.md

![asset-db](./index/asset-db.jpg)

- **Log Level**: used to set the type of information output to the **console** from the asset database in the **Assets** panel. This currently includes **Error Only**, **Error and Warning Only**, **Error, Warning, and Log**, and **Output All Information**.

> - **Ignore (Glob)**: use globs to express paths that need to be ignored, and the resource will be ignored, such as `! **/*.txt` ignores all txt files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Ignore (Glob)**: use the Glob expression and fill in the path match of the asset to be ignored, then the asset will be ignored. For example, `! **/*.txt` means that all `.txt` files are ignored.
```
